Debian                  Archlinux       Repository
--------------------------------------------------
sudo                    sudo            core
build-essential         base-devel      core
zlib1g-dev              zlib            core
libyaml-dev             libyaml         community
libssl-dev              openssl         core
libgdbm-dev             gdbm            core
libreadline-dev         readline        core
libncurses5-dev         ncurses         core
libffi-dev              libffi          core
curl                    curl            core
git-core                git             extra
openssh-server          openssh         core
redis-server            redis           community
postfix                 postfix         extra
checkinstall            checkinstall    community
libxml2-dev             libxml2         extra
libxslt-dev             libxslt         extra
libcurl4-openssl-dev    curl            core 
libicu-dev              icu             extra
python                  python2         extra